hey YouTube it's Dawson Ryder here with
a review of SH figuarts kamen rider
stronger let's go ahead and jump right
into this and check out the packaging um
so we have a pretty typical show a
packaging here that we've been following
since the Ichigo releases its kind of
more of a thin packaging with a large
amount of it being plastic so I'm just
thinking how stupid this is like oh I'm
sure you really want to know about the
packaging but anyway let me go this
picture is stronger here we're just kind
of done in a well that kind of is in
black style with like the I'm drawn and
white on the package is mainly black
with like some red stripes throughout it
you got a picture of them here on the
side and his name over here and then on
the back just the post isn't stuff you
can do with them which is cool I just
like that we have all these unique
figure out boxes now and like how we're
keeping with themes with various series
and the show was get their own kind of
style but I think she's kind of neat um
for the collectors you know because we
collect boxes so for accessories uh he
doesn't come with a whole lot he comes
with four sets of hands really he's got
the fists with draw on him you just kind
of have these sort of relaxed you know
like I'm just chilling at the coffee
shop hands and then you've got like the
karate chop or bitch slap hands
depending on the mood and then you've
got these kind of I'm holding myself own
hands they're just kind of like regular
gravia shams and then now you have these
effect parts which are actually three
pieces which are like lightning esque
effect parts here so this is the main
piece I'll do this in a minute when I go
over how to do it but this is the main
piece you're going to put on his fists
and then these are two pieces did you
attach leave it's right here just make
sure I find it and you just have to line
them up correctly come on where is it I
just don't want to break it because this
plastic and get awful flimsy I don't
want to break it i'm trying really
careful okay you can see right here
there's a peg system here all you do is
just line it up and attach them it's
really simple in fact the peg is a
it's a shape so you can tell you're
getting it right so I'm just gonna I
don't want to undo it because of all the
different like spikes here they can be a
little flimsy and I don't want to break
in fact this one's already showing a
little bit stress so I don't want to
mess with that but so we're going to
show that off in a minute but you get
the idea there three pieces and you can
bind them together I don't want to have
another live figure after breaking so
I'm just going to zoom in a little bit
so here we have the figure itself
checking out the sculpt I think they did
a pretty good job on it those helmets
rather well done obviously this being
the older styles their helmets weren't
as fancy as they were but they capture
that pretty well with his green eyes
with a bunch of little you know dots in
it or we can see before that compound
eyes so they did that pretty well the
antennas here also have a really nice
paint job on them with this sort of lack
of a better word worn look it's like red
and then you've got like these little
greenish speckles throughout him and
they do really good job of representing
that and they got their portions on his
head right to so the overall just did a
good job and then of course you got his
chest piece here which has just got this
s here and it's just kind of begging in
your tuba life what's with this guy in
the life preserver dork thinks he's
gonna drown I don't know feel like
making that reference but it all looks
very good i like the material they use
on this guy and the other show is that
kind of does a good job of a Vokoun the
way their soups look well the paint on
the arms and stuff is nice as usual no
real mistakes this belt here looks nice
think they did a good job on the
coloring I know I mean I have the skirt
thing here I know this isn't a skirt I
said it in v3 annual everyone's it's not
a skirt it was a joke people if you
watch any of my reviews you know that I
like to joke around I'm just saying it I
know it's part of this shirt but it does
look like a skirt which hides his badge
quite nicely which is joke i was making
when we first saw like production
pictures of this is it looks kind of
like a badge but actually it's not as
noticeable as VIII's now they must have
fixed it okay but as you can see you
just got the rest of the legs nicely
painted no paint mistakes or anything on
mine here's the back not a whole lot to
tell just more red and black colors
here's the scarf that he also comes with
who just comes with this one there's a
hole in his neck and you just place this
in and then you can maneuver it to any
which way you want and it is pretty
secure in my opinion
so articulation wise we have the typical
ball joint here for great all-around
movement at the shoulder the swivel
joint here the double elbow joint
swiveling at the fist and then you do
have swiveling at the waist and the
chest nice 360 ball joint here on his
leg and I just popped it right off like
his kneecap left to the the leg
articulation is hindered slightly by
this but not very much because it gives
pretty good leeway you do have swiveling
lsr till that damn kneecap cheese double
knee joint here swiveling hang out the
foot and then you have the bendito
action so standard articulation i think
is pretty much using the ichigo v three
ish mold but no loose joint problems
which is always a plus so that makes me
happy so now we are going to put on his
effect pyar so just bear with me here
we're going to want to do is take this
piece out here and now we're going to
place this over it and then put the fist
back this might take a second just to
make sure grasp because you're less
space now so now you got that and now
here we have the other piece and you'll
see here which is a great way of showing
on you do the other one sorry my
fingernails are kind of long I really
need to cut them um this got a shape
piece here and you just line it up right
here okay so we got it all on and he is
ready to punch people with the fist of
electricity he's all like I want to be
just like Cole MacGrath so that is very
cool it's a really nice effect part a
nice touch that they gave it it's kind
of a nice change from the like Ichigo
knee go where you have the kicking
effect part but like it doesn't come
with a stand and even though I have a
bunch of him I just think it's funny
that you can't really display unless you
have a stand but this one you can just
go ahead and display which is really
nice and it doesn't take up that much
room so hopefully I'll just be able to
keep it like that so it's a really nice
little feature so overall I really enjoy
this figure I think it's really nice
they did a good job on it a nice paint
job they did a good job on the sculpt
there's no QC issues really no loose
legs or anything like that no paint
splotches it's got a neat little effect
part to use its overall just a very
solid figure out release and I'm very
pleased with this
it'll fit in nicely with my other show
of figures so if you are like a huge
show air a fan or a stronger fan I don't
think you'll be disappointed miss at all
it is a very solid figure they need a
pretty decent job on it so I believe
that is all we have to cover today so
make sure you check out writers Rangers
and rambles com fort o canoes in the
crazy so I possible until next time is
Dawson Ryder signing out